Assignment
==========

Design and implement a solution for a Robot which can move on a board of size n x m.

Requirements
------------

1. Robot is always facing one of the following directions: NORTH, EAST,SOUTH or WEST.
2. Robot can turn left, right, and move one step at a time.
3. Robot cannot move off the board and ignores a command forcing it to do it. (ignore command if asked to move out of the board)
4. Robot can report its current position on the board and direction. (report/print current position and direction)
5. A newly created robot must be placed into location x=0 y=0 and face NORTH. (always initialize at x y 0)
6. The board is aligned with Cartesian coordinate system. Its bottom left corner has coordinate (0,0) and top right (n-1, m-1).

The solution will receive commands as a text file and outputs robot's reports into STDOUT. Below are the only commands that robot understands:

PLACE x y direction     -- places robot into specified location on a board and set initial direction
MOVE                    -- moves robot one step in the current direction
LEFT                    -- turns robot 90 degrees anticlockwise
RIGTH                   -- turns robot 90 degrees clockwise
REPORT                  -- outputs current state into STDOUT


For example, the following input file:
PLACE 0 0 NORTH
MOVE
REPORT
PLACE 0 0 NORTH
LEFT
REPORT
PLACE 1 2 EAST
MOVE
MOVE
LEFT
MOVE
REPORT

should produce an output similar to:
X: 0 Y: 1 Direction: NORTH
X: 0 Y: 0 Direction: WEST
X: 3 Y: 3 Direction: NORTH

"""                             N,M
                  N
          W               E
 0,0              S


"""

Acceptance criteria
-------------------

1. Solution should correctly work for different command lists.
2. Quality of solution design and implementation should be of production grade and the following will be assessed:
    - Design and decomposition of the solution into packages, classes, functions, ...
    - Unit and/or integration tests
    - Solution readability and maintainability